---
title: S14F1
icon: book
order: 1
---

## S14,F1  GetAttr Request (GAR)

### Direction

M,H<->E,reply

### Description

This message is used to request a set of specified attributes for one or more objects. It consists of an “object specifier” for the owner of the target objects (the objects of interest), the target object type, a list of identifiers of the target objects, a filter (a list of qualifying relationships) that limits the target objects of interest to those that meet all of the qualifications in and the specific attributes whose values are requested.  
The object specifier provides a specification of the owner of the target object(s). It contains a sequence of hierarchical object relationships. Each element of the object specifier identifies a specific object instance that is the superior of the following object instance in the sequence. The last object instance in the sequence is in a hierarchical relationship to the target objects. The target object type designates the type of the target object, and the list of object identifiers indicates the specific instance of that type that are of interest. The target type may be omitted only if object identifiers are unique across all object types and the list of identifiers is not empty.  
The object filter is an optional list of qualifications, each of which provides a condition to be applied to the object instances of interest. Each qualification objects of interest are those that meet all of the specified qualifications. The attribute relationship quantifier is a logical binary relationship ATTRRELNi that the specified qualifying value ATTRDATAi has to the corresponding attribute of each instance of the desired object type(s). The objects that are to be qualified with this filter have an attribute value Vi such that the statement “ATTRDATAi ATTRRELNi Vi” is TRUE. If ATTRRELNi is omitted, the relationship of equality is intended.
For ASCII attribute values ATTRDATAi, the characters for question mark “?” and asterisk “*” are used as “wild characters” to provide filtering for certain object types. The character “?” may be used in any attribute or key attribute value with an ASCII format to represent “any single character” and may be repeated. The asterisk character “*” may be similarly used to represent a variable-length string, including a null string. The string “*x” represents a string of any length that ends in “x”, the string “x*” represents any string that begins with “x”, and the string “*” represents any string of any non-zero length. The comparison for text characters is case insensitive.  
Equipment is not required to support wild characters in particular, or attribute filters in general.

### Structure

```text
L,5 
  1. <OBJSPEC> 
  2. <OBJTYPE> 
  3. L,i                i = identifiers of the object instances requested 
       1. <OBJID1> 
       . 
       . 
       i. <OBJIDi> 
  4. L,q                q = # object qualifiers to match 
       1. L,3 
            1. <ATTRID1> 
            2. <ATTRDATA1> 
            3. <ATTRRELN1> 
       . 
       . 
       q. L,3 
            1. <ATTRIDq> 
            2. <ATTRDATAq> 
            3. <ATTRRELNq> 
  5. L,a                a = # attributes requested 
       1. <ATTRID1> 
       . 
       . 
       a. <ATTRIDa>
```

::: info Exception

If OBJSPEC is a zero-length item, no object specifier is provided. If i = 0, only the filter is to be applied. If q = 0, no filter is specified. If both i and q = 0, information for all instances of the objects are requested. If a = 0, all attributes are requested.

:::

### Data Item

::: tabs#Item

@tab OBJSPEC

<!-- @include: ../1.DataItem.md#OBJSPEC -->

@tab OBJTYPE

<!-- @include: ../1.DataItem.md#OBJTYPE -->

@tab OBJID

<!-- @include: ../1.DataItem.md#OBJID -->

@tab ATTRID

<!-- @include: ../1.DataItem.md#ATTRID -->

@tab ATTRDATA

<!-- @include: ../1.DataItem.md#ATTRDATA -->

@tab ATTRRELN

<!-- @include: ../1.DataItem.md#ATTRRELN -->

:::
